THIS GUIDE IS FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOUSES ONLY!
This article is a synopsis of kevin mitnicks book "The art of deception" with extra personal research.

Basics
Human behaviour can be exploited by leveraging the following:
  1.Authority, posing as a superior.
  2.Liking, make the victim like you (same interests,hobbies,attraction).
  3.Reciprocation, give something small, ask something bigger in return,
   pose as a helper or make the victim need you, promise a gift.
  4.Consistency, exploit publicl promises made by a victim.
  5.Social validation, make sure your proposal seems to be publicly acceptable,
   as if everyone would comply to the thing you are asking.
  6.Scarcity, promise something (free smartphone) that only the first N people will get
   if i.e they register on a site and exploit the password reuse principle.
  7.Habit, if it is someones work to provide a certain seemingly information on a daily basis,
    you can bet that his resistance will be lower if you ask the same information that happens
    to be interesting for you.
  8.Greed, nothing to add here...
  9.Fear, fear of losing something, fear of personal information leaks e.t.c
 
Techniques
  1.Name dropping, using known names to give the impression you are close to the victim's circle.
  2.Using lingo, use terminology that is only used in the inner circle of the victim.
  3.Planning your attack, execute your attack on times where the victim will be of guard.
      (before the luch pause, before the end of the shift, before the victims vacation.)
  4.Cooperate with people that have a reason to help you, fired employees, employees that didn't get the promotion
  5.Distraction, create a situation where the focus gets shifted somewhere else.
  6.Dumpster diving, finding precious information (SSN,interests,economic information,preferences) in someones garbage, 
  7.Scan social media, don't be the product USE this powerfull tool. Most people give all the needed information for free anyway.
  
 Remediation is left out on purpouse to keep the tides even....


Final note that is applied everywhere, try to convince the law to work with you and not against you.
